first jump
yeah just a little friendly advice
did you get out of my seat come on there
you go
[Music]
to the last ship making the journey it's
a new earth
for the next six months we will blaze
across space and time
i hope it's the paradise they said it
would be
hey where you been hiding
[Music]
[Applause]
i don't know what could have done this
something seems to be dissolving him
from the inside out
it's not human and it might still be out
there
it's out there we kill it
remember how to use one of those things
what do you think look up
light him up there are 300
000 souls on this ship so we're headed
to new earth at the speed of light
with an alien yeah we got it what are
you gonna do
improvise
bullets were useless what about fire
my work all right who wants barbecue
[Music]
[Applause]